Updating the readme with new branch info (#619)
godotengine/godot-cpp: README.md

# godot-cpp

This repository contains the  *C++ bindings* for the [**Godot Engine**](https://github.com/godotengine/godot)'s GDNative API.

- [**Versioning**](#versioning)
- [**Contributing**](#contributing)
- [**Getting Started**](#getting-started)
- [**Creating a simple class**](#creating-a-simple-class)
- [**Updating Headers**](#updating-headers)

## Versioning

This repositories follows the same branch versioning as the main [Godot Engine
repository](https://github.com/godotengine/godot):

- `master` tracks the current development branch.
- `3.x` tracks the development of the next 3.x minor release. Like `master`, it
  might not always be fully up-to-date with upstream.
- Other versioned branches (e.g. `3.3`, `3.2`) track the latest stable release
  in the corresponding branch.

Stable releases are also tagged on this repository:
[**Tags**](https://github.com/godotengine/godot-cpp/tags).

**For any project built against a stable release of Godot, we recommend using
this repository as a Git submodule, checking out the specific tag matching your
Godot version.**

> > As `master` and `3.x` branches are constantly getting updates, if you are using `godot-cpp` against a more current version of Godot, see the instructions in the `godot-headers/README.md` for updating the relevant files. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> As `master` and `3.x` branches are constantly getting updates, if you are
using `godot-cpp` against a more current version of Godot, see the instructions
in [**godot-headers**](https://github.com/godotengine/godot-headers) for
updating the relevant files. 
```

Author: Done

# godot-cpp

This repository contains the  *C++ bindings* for the [**Godot Engine**](https://github.com/godotengine/godot)'s GDNative API.

- [**Versioning**](#versioning)
- [**Contributing**](#contributing)
- [**Getting Started**](#getting-started)
- [**Creating a simple class**](#creating-a-simple-class)
- [**Updating Headers**](#updating-headers)

## Versioning

This repositories follows the same branch versioning as the main [Godot Engine
repository](https://github.com/godotengine/godot):

- `master` tracks the current development branch. As this is a moving target,
  the headers in the `godot-headers` submodule may not always be fully in sync with upstream.
  See [**Updating Headers**](#updating-headers) if you need to bring
  them up to date.
- `3.x` tracks the development of the next 3.x minor release. Like `master`, it
  might not always be fully up-to-date with upstream.
- Other versioned branches (e.g. `3.3`, `3.2`) track the latest stable release
  in the corresponding branch.

Stable releases are also tagged on this repository:

> [**Tags**](https://github.com/godotengine/godot-headers/tags).

Reviewer: Wrong URL, and that's not true currently for `godot-cpp`.

Author: missed that one :)

    static Node *node_b = Node::_new(); // crashes
};
```

## Updating Headers

See [**Versioning**](#versioning) for details on the Godot versions tracked by
each branch of this repository.

If the relevant branch is not up-to-date for your needs, or if you want to sync
the headers with your own modified version of Godot, here is the update
procedure used to sync this repository with upstream releases:

- Compile [Godot Engine](https://github.com/godotengine/godot) at the specific
  version/commit which you are using.
- Use the compiled executable to generate the `api.json` file with:
  `godot --gdnative-generate-json-api api.json`
- Copy the file `modules/gdnative/gdnative_api.json` into `godot-headers`.
- Copy the files and folders from `modules/gdnative/include` into `godot-headers`,
  overwriting existing content. (To be sure to be in sync, you can delete the
  folders of this repository first, then copy the upstream folders in place.)
  Make sure that you compiled the correct Godot version so that the generated

>   `gdnative_api_struct.gen.h` is up-to-date.

Reviewer: This doesn't really apply here, `godot-headers` is a submodule so updating is just a matter of syncing the submodule with the relevant https://github.com/godotengine/godot-headers commit or tag.

Author: Not if you're dealing with a custom build of Godot, you'd still need to replace those files in godot-cpp.
